Detective Recapped here.
Today, I'm going to explain a Crime-Horror
film called: "The Owners."
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
From their car, countryside friends Nathan,
Gaz, and Terry watch the house of the elderly
couple, Dr. Huggins and Ellen.
As Dr. Huggins bid his patients goodbye, the
boys talk to each other to make sure that
the couple won't be home that night.
Terry says that Dr. Huggins always takes his
wife out to dinner every Friday, so he's confident
they'll be gone.
As they continue discussing their plan, Nathan's
girlfriend, Mary, arrives to demand her car
back.
They wonder how Mary found them, and she explains
that Terry texted her their location.
Mary then asks Nathan what they're doing out
there, and Nathan replies that they're just
hanging.
Thinking that her boyfriend is lying, Mary
tries honking the car's horn to make some
noise, so Nathan tells her that they've got
some business to take care of and he'll need
the car for a few more hours.
They then see the elderly couple leaving,
so Nathan excitedly drives the car toward
the house, leaving Mary as she protests for
them to stop.
To the boys' annoyance, Mary follows them
and once outside the Huggins' residence, Nathan
instructs her to keep on the lookout.
Gaz proceeds to break a small part of the
glass door, but Terry takes a spare key from
under a flower pot before he could do more
damage.
They open the door, and once inside, Nathan
and Gaz ask Terry where the safe with cash
he's talking about is.
Terry says that he doesn't know.
This angers Gaz, so he carelessly goes through
the house, breaking the couples' things.
Terry pointlessly cleans up after Gaz's mess,
reminding him that they agreed not to trash
the place.
As they search for the safe, Nathan finds
the stairs that lead to the basement and asks
Terry what's in there.
Once more, Terry says that he doesn't know,
so Nathan urges him to check it out.
Terry, however, is reluctant due to his injured
ankle.
Eventually, they manage to persuade Terry
to go downstairs while Nathan goes to look
for Gaz.
Meanwhile, Gaz finds Ellen's jewelry in the
master's bedroom then takes them all.
Outside, Mary cleans her car while waiting
for the boys to finish ransacking the house.
Terry searches the basement, Nathan takes
food from the kitchen, and Gaz enters the
room of the daughter, Kate.
In the basement, Terry finds the safe and
hurriedly calls the two.
However, Gaz quickly gets pissed once they
see that they can only open it through a dial
lock, not with an electronic code, like what
Terry's mom said.
Nathan tries opening the safe with a drill
and a sledgehammer to no avail, so he blames
Terry for what's happening.
Nathan then receives a call from Mary, telling
him that she wants to go, but he tells her
to wait.
He looks at his friends for advice, and that's
when Gaz suggests that they wait for the elderly
couple so they can scare them into revealing
the code.
Nathan agrees and ends the call with Mary
while Terry stands there, unable to do anything.
The three watch television to kill some time
until the couple arrives.
Mary, on the other hand, gets impatient outside
and starts yelling, calling out for Nathan.
Terry starts to feel uneasy, so he offers
to take Mary to her work since that's her
main concern, then they'll just bring the
car back.
Nathan firmly tells him that they're not going
anywhere, so Terry drops it.
Nathan invites Mary in, and after a few minutes
of persuading her, she agrees.
Once inside, Nathan starts touching and kissing
Mary while Terry could only watch on in envy.
Nathan then takes Mary's phone when her boss
calls her.
Terry and Gaz try cleaning the house, and
as they do, Gaz finds a photo of Kate.
He teases Terry, saying they would make a
lovely couple, and an irritated Terry takes
the picture away from him.
He explains that she was the elderly couple's
daughter who died a long time ago.
While Nathan and Mary continue making out,
Mary lets her boyfriend know that she's pregnant.
Despite his surprise, Nathan promises her
that they're going to be all right, especially
after they get the money.
In the middle of their conversation, the couple
arrives, and the three boys pull stockings
over their heads, even forcing Mary to do
it too.
Deaf to her protests, Nathan tells Mary one
last time to put on the hose, and she obliges.
Once inside, Nathan, Gaz, and Terry try to
restrain them, injuring Ellen along the way.
They take the couple to the living area, where
Dr. Huggins pleads to them to help Ellen.
He tells the boys to take everything they
want before turning to Mary, asking her to
look for disinfectants and bandages for his
wife.
Mary agrees to sort it out, which only angers
Nathan and Gaz.
She comes back with the medicine kit and a
glass of water for Ellen, and after the old
woman drinks, Mary tends to her wound.
Once Mary is done, Gaz orders her to tie Ellen
up, and she apologetically complies.
Nathan then asks Dr. Huggins what they can
take, and the old doctor tells him where to
find his credit card and the money he's keeping
on top of the fridge.
Not satisfied with the money they've acquired,
Nathan asks Dr. Huggins about the safe, but
the doctor denies having one.
Despite the doctor's denial, the boys take
the elderly couple to the basement.
All the while, Mary maintains her distance,
carefully watching everything.
She then tells Nathan that she wants to leave,
but Nathan defends his actions, claiming that
he's doing it for her and the baby.
Nathan asks Dr. Huggins for the safe's combination,
but the doctor refuses to tell him, which
resulted in Nathan getting mad and slapping
him.
In an attempt to make the doctor talk, Gaz
threatens to hurt Ellen, but Mary protests
so Nathan stops him.
Gaz picks up a blade and gives it to Nathan,
urging him to use it on the doctor.
At that point, Mary decides that she's had
enough and heads back upstairs.
Nathan is about to follow Mary when Gaz stops
him, saying he'll handle it.
Upstairs, Mary hides from Gaz in a bathroom
and tries calling the emergency services.
Unfortunately, Gaz finds Mary and grabs the
phone by the cord before dragging her out
of the bathroom.
Meanwhile, Nathan and Terry listen to the
commotion upstairs while Dr. Huggins tries
to persuade Nathan to leave.
Amidst the chaos, Dr. Huggins recognizes Terry
and Nathan, surprising the two of them.
On the other hand, Gaz continues attacking
Mary, telling her that Nathan will finally
leave her once they crack the safe open.
As Dr. Huggins talks out the situation with
Nathan, doubt suddenly fills the boy's mind,
making him rethink what they're doing.
Terry even sides with Dr. Huggins, saying
that they should stop because it doesn't feel
right.
However, Nathan remains determined to get
the money from the safe and threatens to cut
Terry's tongue off if he doesn't shut up.
Finally, Gaz takes Mary back to the basement
and tells Nathan that she tried calling for
help.
As Ellen looks at Mary, she seems to recognize
the girl, but Dr. Huggins stops his wife before
she could say anything.
Now tied up too, Mary pleads to her boyfriend
to stop the robbery, but Nathan ignores her
and puts a blade on Ellen's throat.
Nathan once again asks the doctor what the
code is.
When Dr. Huggins still refuses to answer,
Gaz whispers something to Nathan, and the
latter threatens to cut off one of Ellen's
fingers instead.
The doctor pleads Nathan to think of Mary
and his baby, but at that point, Gaz is already
tired of playing games, so he points a gun
at Dr. Huggins.
Nathan gives the doctor one last chance to
give him the code, but Dr. Huggins remains
quiet.
Since Nathan can't actually cut Ellen's finger
off, he tells Gaz to do it instead.
Gaz then mocks Nathan, saying he's now friends
with the doctor and his wife.
Still trying to pick up a fight with him,
Gaz orders Nathan to cut Ellen's finger off,
but Gaz puts his gun under Nathan's chin when
Nathan refuses.
Left with no other choice, Nathan places the
blade on Ellen's finger, ready to cut it off
at a moment's notice.
With Ellen's finger bleeding and Gaz's gun
pointed at Nathan's head, Nathan pleads for
the safe's code.
Just like before, Doctor Huggins keeps his
mouth shut, and that's when Nathan seizes
the opportunity to take a swing at Gaz with
his knife, grazing his arm.
Pissed, Gaz walks toward Nathan, who then
tries to stab him but fails.
Gaz deflects Nathan's attack and headbutts
him.
As the two of them fall over, they continue
to fight until Gaz finally stabs Nathan.
Horrified, Mary helplessly watches her boyfriend
bleed on the floor.
Dr. Huggins offers to treat Nathan's wound,
but Gaz refuses to untie him.
Instead, Gaz tries to make a deal with them
by asking for the safe's code in exchange
for freeing Dr. Huggins.
The doctor finally agrees and gives Gaz the
code, and as he does, Dr. Huggins signals
Terry to untie him.
Terry, however, is too overwhelmed by what's
happening and starts to cry.
Gaz continues to open the safe, but when he
got to the last number, he realizes that it's
wrong.
Dr. Huggins gives him the correct number,
but this time, he signals Mary to help him.
Mary tries to untie herself but stops when
they hear Gaz failing to open the safe again.
Furious, Gaz saunters to Ellen then ties her
body to a post with packaging tape.
No matter how much Dr. Huggins pleads with
Gaz to stop, he ignores him.
Gaz then picks up a circular saw and turns
it on, terrifying everyone.
With the saw in hand, Gaz walks back to where
Ellen is tied up, but he couldn't reach her
due to the short cord.
Not knowing that Mary has already managed
to free her legs, Gaz plugs the cable into
the socket behind Ellen and turns the saw
back on.
As he prepares to attack her with it, Mary
hits him in the head with a sledgehammer,
instantly killing him.
She then turns off the saw and proceeds to
untie Dr. Huggins before asking for Terry's
help to bring Nathan to the hospital.
However, Dr. Huggins takes out his gun and
tells them that no one will leave.
He unties Mary's bound hands and promises
her that he'll treat Nathan.
The doctor then asks Terry to help Mary carry
Nathan upstairs.
As they do, the doctor frees his wife and
takes Gaz's keys.
Terry and Mary manage to get Nathan on the
doctor's operating table, but Huggins is taking
his time, choosing to tend to his wife first.
Mary calls the doctor's attention, but Ellen
answers her, saying they got what they deserve.
Dr. Huggins recklessly operates on Nathan,
almost as if he's hurting the boy on purpose.
Despite this, he manages to get the blade
out of him.
After that, the doctor requests for Mary,
Terry, and Ellen to leave the room so he can
work properly.
Dr. Huggins hands Ellen a small box, and the
three of them reluctantly leave.
Outside, Mary sits on the stairs while Terry
helps Ellen to the living area.
Terry then sits beside Mary, and they talk
about how Dr. Huggins risked Ellen's life
for a security code.
Though he's exhausted, Terry assures Mary
that everything's going to be okay.
Ellen then picks up the broken telephone on
the floor and mounds it back on the wall,
giving Mary a disgusted look before walking
away.
Mary breaks down, and as Terry comforts her,
he also tries to kiss her, making Mary back
away.
Mary gets mad that they are all in that situation,
saying it's probably Terry's idea to rob the
couple since his mom works there.
The two continue to argue, with Mary bringing
up her sister, Jane.
Mary says that Jane didn't actually love Terry;
she just pitied him and ended up despising
him.
She blames Terry for driving her sister away
and even for how they lost her while Terry
just sits there, crying.
After their argument, Mary goes to the living
room, where she finds the small box that Dr.
Huggins gave his wife.
She is about to open it when Ellen arrives
to take it back from her before calling Mary
"dirty."
Ellen then starts sweeping the floor, and
when Terry offers to do it for her, she guides
the boy to the couch and offers to tend to
his injuries.
Mary leaves them and goes back to the operating
room, finding Nathan looking as if he's already
dead.
Dr. Huggins assures her that he's only sleeping
due to the medication he gave him, but Mary
doubts it, saying that Nathan's body is so
cold.
When she asks the doctor where the ambulance
is, Dr. Huggins says it's on its way but promises
to call them again just to put Mary's mind
at ease.
Mary follows the doctor when he makes the
call, and as he speaks, she realizes that
he's only pretending to talk to someone since
the phone's cord is broken.
Mary backs away from the doctor before throwing
up in the nearby sink.
With Mary looking pale and on the verge of
passing out, the doctor offers her some medicine.
Mary refuses and instead closes the door to
the operating room.
This is when she sees Ellen injecting Terry
with something.
Horrified, Mary tries to flee only to find
the door locked.
Mary turns around, and when Ellen sees her,
she tells the young lady to remove her shoes.
Mary ignores Ellen and tries heading to the
other door, but it's locked, too.
As she turns around, she finds Ellen in the
hallway, mad at her for wearing her shoes
inside the house.
She even calls her "Kate."
Suddenly, Ellen slaps Mary and Dr. Huggins
appears in the hallway to remind her that
Mary isn't Kate.
He also tells Ellen that Mary is Jane Voller's
twin, and that they're from the village.
Ellen, who seems to be coming back to her
senses, remarks how Mary has grown.
Ignoring what the couple is saying, Mary asks
Dr. Huggins what Ellen gave Terry, and he
says that it's just an analgesic.
He also adds that Ellen has worked as his
nurse for many years.
As the couple walks away, he tells Mary that
he's constantly jogging Ellen's memory, giving
her small challenges every now and then.
Mary goes to the living where she finds Terry
eating and watching television.
She asks for his phone to call for help, but
Terry says he gave it to Ellen.
Mary couldn't believe that Terry gave his
phone away, and when she is about to tell
him that Nathan is dead, the elderly couple
arrives.
They all go to the dining area, where the
couple offers them tea, but Mary wants to
smoke instead.
When Ellen stops her from smoking, Mary tries
going outside through another door, but it's
also locked.
Dr. Huggins says he can't let them leave and
instead tells her to drink her tea while waiting
for the ambulance.
Perplexed, Mary stands by the door as she
listens to Dr. Huggins' lecture about the
effects of smoking on an unborn child.
He also thanks Mary for killing Gaz, saying
it wasn't easy to take a human life and that
because of her, he and his wife survived.
Once again, he asks Mary to sit down and drink
her tea, and she finally obliges.
As soon as Mary sits at the table, Dr. Huggins
starts talking about his late daughter, Kate.
He tells Mary and Terry how much they loved
her and how they never once resented the girl
for having to take care of her even though
Kate occasionally made it hard for them.
When Ellen is about to drink her tea, Dr.
Huggins stops her, and Ellen suddenly remembers
that it's for Mary.
Dr. Huggins then stands and walks to a cabinet
to retrieve a scrapbook that contains detailed
information about the missing girls in their
place throughout the years.
The scrapbook shows newspaper clippings and
pictures of the lost girls, including Mary's
twin sister, Jane.
When she realizes that the elderly couple
poses a threat, Mary stops Terry from drinking
his milk, shocking everyone at the table.
She asks for her phone back, saying she needs
to call Nathan's mother, but the doctor pretends
not to understand.
Mary says Nathan had his phone, but it was
gone when she checked it in his pockets, so
she's sure that the couple has it.
Mary starts yelling, saying that if it weren't
for Nathan, the elderly couple would be dead
and that Dr. Huggins lied about calling the
ambulance.
She demands them to tell her what's going
on, but the doctor tries to calm her down
while Ellen pushes her to drink her tea.
Fed up, Mary breaks everything at the table
and grabs a knife, demanding the couple to
open the door.
Unfortunately, the doctor is too strong for
her, and he manages to take the knife from
Mary's hand.
He grabs her by the hair and starts dragging
her out of the room.
Dr. Huggins locks Mary inside a cupboard under
the stairs while Ellen screams profanities
at her.
Terry could do nothing but watch.
Inside the cupboard, Mary screams her lungs
out, begging Terry for help, but he won't
help her.
She tries telling him that Nathan is dead,
but Terry only ignores her.
In the couple's bedroom, Ellen tells her husband
that she wants to punish Mary for being bad.
Dr. Huggins says he'll do it for her, but
Ellen insists on doing it herself.
Downstairs, Mary tries to convince Terry that
Dr. Huggins has killed Nathan, but Terry still
refuses to believe her.
Suddenly, he notices that his legs have gone
numb from what Ellen has injected him.
Hallucinating that Mary is Jane, Terry opens
the cupboard, finally letting Mary out.
Mary goes looking for the keys, and as she
does, Terry takes a peek inside the operating
room, where he sees Nathan's dead body.
Still refusing to believe he's dead, Terry
looks for Mary and finds her in Kate's room,
about to escape through a window.
He gets upset that Mary would leave without
him, but she insists that she was just about
to call him.
Terry then tries to kiss her again, forcing
Mary to back away and fall onto the bed.
Just then, a fumigation canister is thrown
inside Kate's room.
She picks it up, and suddenly, the windows
close from the outside.
They immediately leave the room to look for
a way to escape.
Terry puts his arm around Mary for balance,
but with his legs going numb, he falls down
the stairs.
While Mary's grabbing a knife by the stairs,
she notices someone walking by.
But with the smoke around, she couldn't clearly
see.
However, since Ellen is donning a protective
suit, she has no problem seeing and hitting
Mary with a whip while the girl can't even
defend herself.
Ellen continues with her cruel lashes, but
Mary manages to hit the woman with a vase,
knocking her down.
Mary wastes no time taking Ellen's gas mask
to put it on, and as she does, Ellen injects
her with some medication.
Meanwhile, Terry is being dragged away, and
Mary does the same to Ellen before tying her
in the kitchen.
She demands to know what she injected her
with and when Ellen refuses to speak, she
slaps her several times.
Suddenly, Dr. Huggins arrives and takes her
mask off before strangling her.
Mary breaks free from the doctor by biting
his finger, and she eventually locks him out
of the room.
The doctor loses his finger in the process
when Mary repeatedly tries shutting the door
with his hand between it and frame.
Finally getting the upper hand, Mary puts
a knife to Ellen's throat and threatens to
kill her if the doctor doesn't give her the
keys.
Unfortunately, the effects of the drugs start
to kick in, and Mary feels the relaxant working.
Still, Mary demands to have the keys while
she hears the doctor talking to Terry, pleading
for his help.
Mary orders him to leave the keys and Terry
outside the door, and he agrees.
When Mary goes out, she finds Terry lying
on the floor with the keys in his pocket.
With Mary dragging Terry by the feet, they
reach the garage, and Mary finally gets Terry
inside the van.
As Mary prepares to drive, she sees the elderly
couple blocking the way, and that's when Terry
suddenly shoots her.
The doctor sits in the driver's seat, remarking
that Terry isn't a very good marksman.
He comments about how he and Ellen were considering
letting Mary stay but then decided against
it.
They leave Mary in the van to die as they
put Terry in the wheelchair.
Dr. Huggins starts opening the safe, which
actually serves as a door to a secret room.
Still breathing, Mary watches through the
rearview mirror as the couple takes Terry
inside the room with a girl chained to the
bed.
The girl is revealed to be Mary's long-lost
twin, Jane, and she's even dressed to look
like Kate.
The couple admits to abducting young girls
throughout the years in search of their late
daughter's replacement.
The couple locks Terry and Jane inside, promising
them that they will be a happy family.
In the end, Terry's mother finishes another
day of cleaning at the Huggins residence.
She finds Dr. Huggins and Ellen in the garden
and thinks that they're simply gardening when
in reality, they're burying Mary, Gaz, and
Nathan's bodies.
Terry's mother looks distraught, so Ellen
asks her what the problem is.
She says that she hasn't heard anything from
Terry in a week, completely unaware that her
son is being held prisoner by the very people
she works for.